README.md, before:

# Snetiment_Model_Template
The ultimate template to build a Sentiment Model starting from Linear SVM to Word2Vec 

 This repo is in ``` Python 2 ```

This repo consists of the following files:
1. Sentiment_Models_Template.ipynb --
	Which contains the sentiment model meat
2. utils.py --
	A python script that conatins some function to plot the learning curve, confussion matrix, and validation curve to assest the model
3. logistic_reg_inspection.py --
	A python script that contains code to check what the model learnt using logistic regression coeffecients
        To use it, you need to do the following:
			
```python
importance = get_most_important_features(vectorizer, log_clf, 10) # log_clf is the LogisitcRegressin Model
top_scores = [a[0] for a in importance[0]['tops']]
top_words = [a[1] for a in importance[0]['tops']]
bottom_scores = [a[0] for a in importance[0]['bottom']]
bottom_words = [a[1] for a in importance[0]['bottom']]

plot_important_words(top_scores, top_words, bottom_scores, bottom_words, "Most important words for Sentiment")
```
	
4. data --
	Is the folder that will contain your data
	   
5. cleaned_data --
	Contains the data after cleaning

Commit message:

how to download needed packages

README.md, after:

# Snetiment_Model_Template
The ultimate template to build a Sentiment Model starting from Linear SVM to Word2Vec 

To install the required packages, run the following command
```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```
This repo is written in ``` Python 2 ```

This repo contains the following files

1. Sentiment_Models_Template.ipynb :
	Which contains the sentiment model meat
2. utils.py :
	A python script that conatins some function to plot the learning curve, confussion matrix, and validation curve to assest the model
3. logistic_reg_inspection.py :
	A python script that contains code to check what the model learnt using logistic regression coeffecients
        To use it, you need to do the following:
			
```python
importance = get_most_important_features(vectorizer, log_clf, 10) # log_clf is the LogisitcRegressin Model
top_scores = [a[0] for a in importance[0]['tops']]
top_words = [a[1] for a in importance[0]['tops']]
bottom_scores = [a[0] for a in importance[0]['bottom']]
bottom_words = [a[1] for a in importance[0]['bottom']]

plot_important_words(top_scores, top_words, bottom_scores, bottom_words, "Most important words for Sentiment")
```
	
4. data :
	Is the folder that will contain your data
	   
5. cleaned_data :
	Contains the data after cleaning

NOTE:: To RUN this code you will need to download both GLove and Goggle News Word2Vec Models
